What I'm going to show you here is
how to do a simple hello world integration
that gets deployed via Camel K
into a kubernetes cluster.
So the first thing we need to do is
start a new integration and then
we are going to select
the first step, which is going to be a timer.
This timer is going to
throw a message to the integration [route]
every second.
We configure that message by going  to the config.
Write, for example, "Hello Kaoto!".
You can see how it gets updated on the YAML.
And then we are going to select the second step,
which is going to be the last step,
which is going to be a log.
It's going to log the headers
and the message that is coming from the timer.
We want to do a Kamelet Binding
and we change the integration name
"hello-kaoto" for example.
And now we are going to watch the integrations
and the Kamelet Bindings that are deployed on the cluster,
which right now is none of them.
The Kamelet Binding is the same integration type we are deploying.
We click on deploy and now we have a Kamelet Binding
which is creating an integration via Camel K.
If we watch the logs on this "hello-kaoto" integration,
well, right now it is going to say it is still building;
so we have to wait a few seconds while the Building Kit gets build and
the integration gets deployed.
And once it gets deployed,
it will show the "Hello Kaoto" message
and the headers on the log.
This is starting... and...
we can see that every second we get a "Hello Kaoto!" message here.